YOU ARE IN CONTROL
More signal, less noise

Your Publication
Whether it's the New York Times, Business Week, industry journals or more - don't miss a beat from any of the publications you trust.

Your Blogs
Dive deeper by following blogs from the latest movers, shakers, and thinkers. Follow any one on the web.

Your YouTube Channels
See new videos from the YouTube channels you follow - in the same place you read the rest of your news.

Your Keyword Alerts
Monitor news about your company, your product, your craft, and your competitors by plugging in Google Alerts.

Your Feeds
Crunch through more content in less time by organizing your sources into easy-to-read feeds.

Your Private Business Content
Secure access to private content from your company's internal portals, content management systems, and SaaS applications.

POWERFUL INTEGRATIONS
Put content to work

Organize
Let the web work for you by arranging the content you rely on into easy-to-read collections.

Read
Feedly offers a clean, minimalist reading experience optimized for productivity.

Search
Delve into the specific articles that interest you within your Feedly or within a specific publication.

Read Later
Save articles and easily get back to them. Tag with Feedly or use favorite web services like Evernote, Pocket, and Instapaper.

Share
Easily share articles to Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Pinterest, email, and more. Schedule posts with Hootsuite or Buffer.

Discover
Discover fresh, authoritative voices on niche and broad topics alike. Channel the mainstream or pull from the diamonds in the rough.

TEAM COLLABORATION
Smarter together

Shared Feeds
Choose to share what you read with colleagues and networks. Discover what other thought leaders and teammates read.

Shared Boards
Work with your teammates to curate, comment, and prioritize the best articles about specific topics and ideas.

Evernote Business
Streamline your curation efforts by saving articles to shared Evernote business notebooks.

OneNote 365
Fuel your thoughts, ideas, and to-do's with articles to give you a leg up at work, home, and school.

Trello
Enrich your projects, cards, and teams with timely content.

Slack
Empower your teams with articles as they happen and spark insightful conversations.